Today I will make another flower decoration reason sushi
250g of white rice for the elderly
10 out of 128 are 250 in that
And Nozawana is five, and there is one kamaboko.
And the law
Bolt plum of plum contains the the order of in red skin
First, in the top and dim of 20g which makes care
80 g white rice
Mix the distance
I divided the red rice for Umeda petals into 5 equal parts .
Here's more about the birds half of the big nori is one
It is necessary to divide the solo city law into 5 equal parts.
And finally again
City birds and 1/2 to raise
That is the way to prepare the law
I will make the petals 1/3 of the law
First put it on maxi
Pink rice
At first pink rice
I made the tip of the petal this time
I put the inner rice on the top because I do the gradation to move
Make five of these petals in the same way
I made five petals First of all I will assemble the skin scene from now on
One
Japan
I will make petals 35
Here Oh
It may here a child of petals Qi
In
You are
If you can form a flower at the edge of your eyes
I will put Nozawana for the leaves in between
Nozawana would God want there is a variety of shapes or there is there or teeth
5 bottles
Put in between
And
In more of the tape
I will stop
To enter the flower scene was able to finish
City law and one-third method
Using rice grains
One house is nice
Lily
There 120-5
I will spread 100 people
Please open about 3 fingers and spread the 125 version
When spreading it is from end to end, but there are too many grains of rice
Please be gentle and plump with no grains
Leave about 3 fingers from the end of the coating to 120 pieces of rice
It is a trick is extended thinly to so much not to crush your grain of rice was Mashi Nubashi
Change the direction of maxi Change my direction
We will finish finally we finished winding
I will put a peach flower and roll it
Winds
Lift
last
Firmly
Prepare the Sawase form
Is it in the form of plum blossoms
In order to adjust the medium-firm
Make a wet cloth and hold the side firmly
Oppositely the same way
Make a celebrity system and hold firmly
I cut the finished good
Vinegar water 6
I will put it in the kitchen knife and cut it into 4 equal parts
I cut half first
Be sure to use a kitchen knife
Shake and be sure to clean
I will advance the fog
Peach flowers are made
Makio who made a statement
Serve
How is it? A peach flower is ready
I tried to be a masquerade you to decoration Makizushi of Mona today
Why not try to hospitality to such Fu
Beneath Reiko Shiozawa of decoration winding lion master instructor is happy to introduce